---
layout: post
title: "Long time, no see"
date: 2019-11-26
---
Well, what have we been up to? 

Work, mainly. And life. Life always gets in the way (in a good way). 

So far, I've used the Pi as a occasional desktop computer (I'll write a separate post about that shortly), composed and compiled an ontology using the pi (for work), and kept it updated (including downloadingn Scratch3). 

Overall, I've found it relatively simple to use, but when it goes wrong, it goes wrong *big-time*. For instance, I want to use it as an occasional stand-in TV for the kids, playing YouTube videos or BBC iPlayer etc. The thing is, Chromium often returns a blank screen, or the video is too choppy to comfortably watch. I've updated Chromium and played around with the settings, including removing hardware acceleration. This removes the blank screen issue but makes iPlayer almost unwatchable. If anyone out there knows how to fix this <b>please get in touch</b> as it's seriously removing the joy for my 5 year old.

I've also downloaded a few Scratch games for her to play. It's going well, but the Pi can sometimes be a little too unresponsive or reticent for her. However, she's still keen as the games are pretty simple and not too difficult to play.

We're continuing to explore the Pi. I've managed to get it to passably work for most of my work needs, but it can't yet replace my laptop. Thankfully most things can be done via googledocs on Chromium. I'm also thinking of a project to do. I'm quite interested in the idea of measuring air quality, since we live near a busy road. Hopefully more on that soon.
